Welcome to the solution for the first machine learning question.
So we basically just wanted to discuss linear regression for this question.
What are the main assumptions and what are the most common types of linear regression so linear regression
models the relationship between the dependent variable Y and the independent variable x.
So we can see here basically trying to use the features of x.
That's the independent variable.
And then see if there's a relationship between it with the dependent variable y.
So why is dependent on x so some of the two main assumptions here are going to be that the relationship
between the dependent variable Y and the explanatory variable x is linear to some degree because of
it's not linear a linear regression really is not going to be helpful.
The other main assumption is that the residual errors from the regression are normally distributed.
And remember the residual error is the difference between the y value your regression line is predicting
versus the true y value for whatever the explanatory variable value X was.
So that's the residual error.
And they should all be normally distributed.
Now as far as the second part of that question which was the most common types of linear regression.
This is basically just asking what kind of estimation the linear regression types are there.
And there's lots of types but you should know about ordinary least squares generalized least squares.
And then in a communist interview saying to be asked about the penalize versions basically the ones
that use regularisation to some degree and that's L1 and L2 regularisation and those are also known
as Lasser aggression and rage regression.
So make sure you understand those concepts those topics and you can check out the guidebook for a lot
of great resources on diving deeper into linear regression.
OK.
I hope that quick overview is helpful.
I'll see at the next lecture.